a look at the new bold 9790 from
blackberry i'm joined by tom is the new
black p7 device one of two devices that
we're launching today alongside the need
9380 it's a new smaller form factor for
the for the iconic bold device it's just
compared to the thing this is my bowl
berth you can see the two bold side by
side this is the 9900 and then the 9790
next to it what are the key differences
I mean these above bold devices so
they're high end devices yeah so the
bold 9900 is our flagship blackberry
smartphone the bold 9790 is fits into
that as your phone that's all the bold
9900 is our flagship smartphone and them
up 97-90 design sort of fit into that
family certainly is a very much as a
high-end device high-performance
blackberry smartphone but as you can see
it's a little bit smaller it's a little
bit narrower and you can see that it's
got a nice slim design with bands around
the side it's got the same fretted the
other keyboard is the same isn't the
some these angles on the keyboard you
call that a fretted design yeah so the
little silver silver lines are sort of
redmond reminiscent of the threads on a
guitar and they sort of help you too
whilst you're looking at the keyboard to
separate out the lines into remind the
keys a little bit easier it's a really
nice device for typing on but you can
see it's just that little bit more
compact than the 9900 for people are
looking at some it's a little bit more
easy to pop into their pocket or to
their bag and they're maybe not so
worried about having that big wide
keyboard to slightly bigger screen door
Bert to all its sense of purposes is
it's the same performance the same the
same basic smartphone so in camera which
one sort of just showing us around yeah
sure so you've got a 2.4 inch screen
here which is a 360 x 480 I believe
you've got an
on board ake exact route students you
just see that's going to go okay so on
board you've got a gigabytes of memory
it's expandable but to sort of up to 40
gigabytes with a microSD run it's
enabled for NFC augmented reality so all
of the sort of great new technologies
that we introduced with blackberry 7 it
is both top screen and type and so you
don't need to compromise on your
experience some so that's really the
signature of the new bold devices that
are loaded with blackberry 7 as we said
black b7 pre-loaded so it's got really
great web browser lovely fluid screen
really nice to work with both the
keyboard and the touchscreen and of
course we've still got the optical
trackpad is they come quite important to
be devices that allows that sort of
fine-tuning when you're trying to
navigate around web pages and forms that
kind of thing why don't you navigate to
a browser navigate to a site BBC or
engadget let's take a look yeah and if
we of course an engadget and we can
scroll down we could have look at mobile
version first then scroll down have
looking desktop it's a little scroll
down so of course the curve which has a
similar form factor and the curve 9360 I
think was the missing curve i was
looking at here with which has the same
form factor but of course that doesn't
have the touch screen so you've gotta go
bold as to get the touch screen in this
form factor that's really and it's again
sort of lovely design I think the
keyboard also makes a difference as well
if you're looking between the two
devices but essentially it's important
to note that all blackberry devices have
the same basic sort of blackberry
experiences were really important that
our customers are getting that same
positive experience for double tap on me
bring out the size of the community fit
screen all songs pop songs ring once
again okay and we're looking at the same
processor are now slightly this is a 1.2
gigahertz yeah the process on this is
ever so slightly though it's a 1
gigahertz processor so it's still really
fast this is 1.2 that's what ya go and
still works really nicely is back for 7
operating system so still a very high
performance and a great device for
everyone just if you're looking for
something a little bit more compact a
little bit more profitable than this is
something that you probably want actual
and also you could we have to take a
peek at the back we take the back off
and have a look at where the MSP that
disguise off nicely here you know it's
got the same batteries in the bold 9900
it's just an all right on that sorry if
we just simply bring into this lifestyle
ship there we go recap will it look no
it's got the same battery the bold 9900
you see there's a hot swappable microsd
there if I just pop the battery out I
don't know how to take the boat out okay
and you can see sim pops in over there I
just I was going to ask a couple more
questions about the I mean where this
fits in I mean in some ways it does it
I've got to say if we put it up against
the 9360 yeah we have the same sort of
layered design on both yeah but but
really it's the is so you know
physically they look similar of course
this just to put it in context we have
the separate keys without the angles on
the keyboard there but the key thing
you'd say is the internals going under
these are bold internals and obviously
the touchscreen nuts that's why you
would go for this water then you've got
the curve really nice touch screen
you've got great keyboard obviously the
curve keyboards very good as well but we
think they did the fretted keyboard with
these really nice got keys is a really
great way to go and of course the specs
inside their base running blackberry 7
so you get the same that b7 experience
there's a little bit more power inside
this one your arm and all in all we you
know we think it's a worthy of the bold
category cheers tom thanks a lot